a potentially partially fabricated story of how alice in wonderland came into being.

---

Reverend Charles Lutwidge Dodgson was the name of the person masquerading behind the pen-name Lewis Carroll - the author of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Charles Dodgson was a mathematician at Oxford; and as most mathematicians are probably aware, several elements in the story were mathematically inspired.

The story began one day in 1862, when Charles Dodgson had visitors in Oxford, England; Reverend Robinson Duckworth and the three lovely daughters - Lorina Charlotte Liddell, Edith Mary Liddell and Alice Pleaseance Liddell - of Henry Liddell, the Vice-Chancellor of Oxford. To wile away their time, they embarked upon an exploration of the extents of the quaint city of Oxford and decided to journey up the river, beginning at Folly Bridge. As they rowed, Charles provided the entertainment. He told them a story that he made up at the spur of the moment; a story of a young, bored girl, named Alice who went looking for an adventure in Oxford. Alice explored the vast underground, navigated the wide rivers and discovered magical things like never before. The girls were enthralled; and Alice Liddell, begged and begged Charles Dodgson to write the story down for her, so she could read it over and over. Charles did so - 2 years later, as a full handwritten manuscript tht he called "Alice's Adentures Underground", illustrated with his own drawings of a curious, little girl exploring the cavernous underground of Oxford. Most of the story was based on situations and artifacts in Oxford and at Christ Church. For example, the long, spiralling "Rabbit Hole" in the current story, through which Alice begins her descent into Wonderland, symbolised the actual staircase in the back of the college's main hall. 

A year later, Dodgson published a vastly expanded - and altered - version under the title "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", with illustrations by John Tenniel. This new material included all the current strangess and wonderfulness of the magical land; the smoking Cheshire Cat, the trial, the Mad Hatter's tea party, while the sequel _Alice Through the Looking-Glass_ introduced Tweedledee, the Jabberwock and many more.
