firstly, for now, not focusing on stefanie's speck of dust problem. the lowest level in our abstraction hierarchy can be predefined and set; and then only build off of that.

problem: learning elements that exist around you!

leaving aside solving, planning and decision-making, there is fundamental progress to be made on _learning_ the MDP or the environment that will represent everything we need to do. humans are remarkable in that they can encounter and learn to grasp concepts previously unbeknownst to them. this doesn't even only extend to composing new concepts of previously existing concepts (set(x1, x2)->x3 e.g., the salad example), but also being able to model completely new items that should now exist in isolation from others (i.e., at the smallest level of granularity, not composed of other parts). 

there is clearly a way to use language and planning and solving in all of this. consider the most primitive way i.e., a sequence of natural langauge utterances that we can use to instantiate objects they refer to. let's assume (no thinking about speck-of-dust!) that this is handed to us as the lowest level of granularity; so parsed items from an utterances need to be instantiated as new objects. but note that if an object needs to be composed of existing objects, at each instantiation you need to go over what currently exists, and need to check if compositions can correspond to the new object. so "chop the _lettuce_, _tomatoes_, _garlic_ and toss it in a bowl. drizzle with _olive oil_. top with _feta_. let the _salad_ sit for thirty minutes." so we're learning that lettuce and feta are isolated objects at the lowest level. when we get to salad, we want to learn that it is a composition of previously existing items. (this is obviously a little strange; do (lettuce, garlic, feta) or (garlic, feta) or (tomatoes) alone make a salad, or are they weighted in some way etc., but this is mostly trivial stuff to deal with.

now we want to be careful what we model in e.g., an OOMDP. instantiating objects and attributes s.t., objects are linked to or composed of one another is messy. 
